Need you to write this code from my app? These will be no features in my app in the schedule tab all the workout icons should be white with a gradient of gray that should be the color scheme for those the word schedule at the top should be 10% larger the wording today’s regime should have an exclamation mark at the end when workouts are added to today’s list incident produce a overhead banner at the text today’s regime today’s date and the workouts go inside 2 to 3 at a time with the ability to scroll with having the ability to scroll to see more workouts you have you also can click the widget in it. Load up a site that will show you what workouts you’re doing today and what part of the body those workouts are targeting at the top left of this site is gonna be the date you’re going to have the option to click that date and scroll to any date. On the schedule page, the swipe calendar should be centered on the screen. The top right white button that  that should be used to add workouts ahead of time this pop-up should display a site that has a calendar on it with a search option with a date that displays which day you have selected in this menu you are able to add specific workouts as many as you want and remove as many as you want for a specific days whether that be 10 days or 20 days ahead. Onto the next page the goal page. Starting at the top right with a plus button this is the new go button. This pop-up will be designed better so you can have a preview of whatever goal you’re adding and how it will look. This widget will appear below. The AI. Fitness world map. Above the consistency map it will not upload in another spot on this page at the bottom the four week AI program widgets every single one that is labeled a AI workout you’ll be able to click and see a more detailed description of the workout. Also telling you which parts of the body that work out targets at the very bottom of the AI nutrition suggestions will be a real button and it’ll be a widget that’ll pop up. That’ll also be a more detailed description and insight. On the go tab the year goes text will be removed. The consistency tracker should have two less columns from the bottom this tracker will update and turn green based off if you completed all assigned workouts for that day if no workouts are hard that day then, after the days over the green will be automatically marked if a workout is missed for whatever reason then the consistency tracker was stop counting how many days you’ve been going in a row and give a red box and ends streaks under the next page homepage. In the top left, the profile picture box should contain the profile picture that the user uploads. The daily workout widget should either appear one of two things. You should either appear your curio workout that you created and added for that day or issue should show and generate a AI generated recommended workout that you should do. Upon clicking the ghost mode widget it shows you a screen where you can see your past personal records and your best. It will also tell you if you’re behind the last weeks pace and how you are doing in retrospect to the past tense weeks. On the home screen, the swipe to complete feature should not be added on home, screen, but when you click the workout, which is normal it should pop you up into the in app workout game the four workout widgets at the bottom of the screen should be removed along with schedule today text and zero at four done. The text this week and the witch below it will be removed from the homepage. The smart recommendations will also be removed from the homepage. The home screen icon should also be made 15% larger and it should have a circular white button around it when pressed. At the top right when clicking the notifications icon and it pops open this site. You should have the ability to swipe delete notifications. Also, when you click the notification in the site, it brings you to a specific descriptive page about notification. At the top right when clicking the trophy in the page appears the year ranking widget should be made 5% larger the white text that shows your rating should be made 7% large as well as the text above it, and it should be centered retrospective the XP, streak and sessions  should all be made larger These changes should be made to all the screens that contain a widget, but on the session. In streak pages the ranking should be in retrospect to whatever tab you’re in. The top three widgets should all have color redesigned. The middle widget should be gold, and it should be slightly larger than the other two. The one on the left that is currently green should have a silver outlining color. The one on the right should have a blue outlining. These witches will also display the profile picture of the respective profiles that are on the leaderboard. You can also click these widgets and It’ll bring you to the profile of the person. The widgets of second and third place should be slightly behind first place on the full rankings list, the profile picture will also be displayed, and you’ll also be able to click into those links and view profiles. The widgets the witches will keep the same characteristics, but the only thing that will change is the text or name of the us user should be larger. with the ranking under the name, being grown to the indicator representing their streak to the right should also be made larger for better visibility. The rookie widget should also. The rookie widget should also stay the same size, but the text should be made larger for better user visibility. Now onto the my health tab. The recovery widget should return to the design of the image I have uploaded but keep the “ your body is primed for a heavy session today “ “ optimal recovery detected also a sleep button should be added in the space where a widget is missing. The four witches below the recovery score should all be slightly squished, but not too much to fit the other widgets. The numbers on them should be made larger as well as the logo for user visibility. As well as the words. underneath of those widgets  is a widget that needs to be completely changed it has a person icon with no lettering. This should be a purple icon instead, and the name of the widget should be body composition. This button should also take you to a new site not the site for your sleep in calories burn but a new site titled body composition. This site will have the widgets in. In which contain your body metrics, including your body weight height, the muscle groups trained for the day widget will also be added in this tab with the heat activity widget being added as well the recovery score widget  under that widget should be completely removed the long horizontal calories burn widget should also be removed the title at the top left of this page should change from health to my health and the text should grow about 5% the AI recovery tips. Widget should also be clickable and we click this widget. You should be able to click and see the individual tips with deeper descriptions of why they help you and what they help you with exactly. When clicking activity heat map it should take you to a new site that shows you a full screen heat map. When you click activity mean widgets whether that be in the body composition page or the health page, it will take you to a timer like pop up where you can say how long you desire to work out for and how much you’ve actually completed. When clicking muscle groups button inside of the body composition site it will take you to a new page that shows you what muscle groups you have been targeting based on what workouts you’ve been doing it will also give you a recovery overview of how you should recover based on what workouts you’ve done and what  muscles you’ve targeted. Now onto the last section. The rookie and level next to the profile picture should be slightly larger to fit in retrospect. In settings only when you click the notifications tab, it should show you a new screen of which notification she would like to allow whether that being recommendations alert alerts to work out. Bed unlocked and reaction, etc. every post notification that you can allow or not allow there should be an on and off switch and each setting have its own column and on and off switch, allowing you to turn them on and off at will the added profile setting should also change on the screen if it looks similar to a normal app profile screen, you should be able to reset password change email change information associated with the account also changing profile details also keeping the fitness goal adder would make it so it’s at the bottom of the screen. The box under the achievements word should be clickable. This should open a new screen where you can scroll and see your retroactive achievements, and what those achievements gave you. On the social tab the tab. Select their for social overview and leaderboard should be 3% bigger. Everything inside of it should be made that much bigger as well.